there are several market indicators to
follow to determine the valuation of a
particular stock we can look at charts
and figures compare historically and
assess the situation but there are times
when nothing really makes sense
typically this is called a bubble when
everything is overvalued and you're not
allowed to talk about it without being
ridiculed but here we are anyway you
came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today
we're going to look at one particular
stock I then want to connect that in
with a whole bunch of other charts let's
begin
we are looking at the Fang stocks this
is the current trading session you'll
see that they've been trading in tandem
except for one Netflix has taken a
little dive today so we'll look at that
on a longer scale looking at the
five-year chart for Netflix currently
sitting at 177 over the past five years
these stocks have risen it's very clear
but one has really risen above the rest
Netflix has exceeded 2000 percent
earnings over these past five years done
incredibly well even when compared to
its peers looking at Google as an
example 152 percent and they have
performed extremely well when you look
at it like that
now when you compare the two charts it
sort of takes away from all the
impressive gains that we've seen in the
rest of the Fang stocks so Netflix you
would think best performer definitely
the best valuation definitely the best
numbers they must be doing really well
well quite the opposite look at this the
p/e ratio
216 85
currently sitting at 200 1685 when the
historical average going back to the
1800s is 1616 and yet the p/e ratio of
Netflix is 216 this is completely
overvalued
now if the sock had risen 2,000 percent
and you can prove to me that this
company was doing very well and then it
wasn't bleeding out cash and doing
terribly as a company in some ways
perhaps I could agree with you but
that's not the case these talks here are
the biggest winners because of central
bank intervention that's why they're
doing well look at the numbers of
Netflix just get the few basics and you
will see that the current price and
reality are nowhere near each other all
right let's take a look at a few charts
here this is new information when you
look at this Dow Jones has been rising
SMP has been rising new record highs as
of today the 10-year yield stagnant
completely stagnant yet that would be
the historically nearly impossible to be
doing this for this long because of the
intervention in the market that we're
seeing us hard macro data has been
declining I mean we've been seeing that
for quite some time there's no real good
data you know when the GDP Rises look at
Obamacare that's it that's why it rises
more spending on Obamacare more spending
on all the garbage and that makes the
GDP rise it doesn't make anyone any
Roth except the insurance companies
except the medical establishment
obviously Spain you're seeing the head
here the stocks took a little nosedive
whereas european stocks had risen so
they formed a little chasm in between -
there's obvious reasons for that looking
at the russell 2000 and the 2017
earnings per share expectations this
seems to have been declining for
eternity as far as AI more but the
russell 2000 has risen now the bloomberg
dollar index okay you're looking at this
and you're seeing the rise and you must
think look at the dollar strengthening
surely you look at this chart you see
that but of course that's not the case
what has actually happened is that the
euro is weakened and against its peers
the dollar appears to be a little bit
stronger so understand what is happening
don't just look at any chart at face
value you have to know the story behind
it Bitcoin again rising to some level
that hadn't been at for several weeks
hitting past that 4400 mark gold had
broke past the 1,300 barrier but seems
to have now declines a little bit of
course as soon as tensions ease just
just the hair the price will go down why
because this paper it's all papers not
physical and that's all for this video
I'll leave it at that
just want to keep it very simple focused
on the charts we want you to note that
when you look at charts as I said don't
just take it at face value don't just
say it was twice as high as it was last
year therefore it's twice as good
don't just say if it's twice as high
then the stock is doing better the
companies doing better we need to
investigate deeper beyond that there are
a lot of people out there that simply
look at the charts they look at the
technical analysis and while that is
good for
some you know that could be profitable
for a lot of people you can't just do
that you need to understand the
fundamentals you need to understand why
these things are happening you need to
understand what the mainstream media
view is and you ought to also need to
understand reality so let's keep our
eyes on these charts as always let's
look into them but not really take it
too seriously because ultimately when
the central banks have their
intervention they decide what stocks
should be at what all asset classes will
be at they determined using liquidity to
either dry it up or send it off you'll
see that they have that ability is very
very clear so if you found the video
informative then please give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative my first book is about
the four asset classes and how to profit
from them I get into the foundation in
the history as well and my newer release
is about reducing your monthly expenses
becoming self-sufficient and earning
income among other things so you can
check that out at Amazon links are in
the description below
take care